ac_add_options --enable-application=suite

export BUILD_OFFICIAL=1
export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1

mk_add_options BUILD_OFFICIAL=1
mk_add_options MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib

ac_add_options --datadir=/usr/share
ac_add_options --includedir=/usr/include
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-pthreads
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-install-strip
ac_add_options --enable-default-toolkit=cairo-gtk2
ac_add_options --enable-extensions=default
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --enable-safe-browsing
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --enable-chrome-format=omni
ac_add_options --disable-necko-wifi
ac_add_options --disable-optimize
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
